https://codepen.io/daniel-kish/pen/wvdxQRr?editors=1100


    1. What is Semantic HTML? 
    HTML markup that employs semantics for easier understanding
    2. What is HTML used for? 
        It's used to markup our website.

    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? 
    special words inside tags to dictate how an element behaves.
    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
    Main page header. it should only be used once
    5. Name two tags that have required attributes
    img and href
    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? 
    doctype and metadata
    7. What is an id? 
    assigns a unique ID to a HTML element
    8. What elements can I add an id to? 
    all of them.
    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? 
    IDs can only be used once per page
    10. What is a class? 
    similar to an ID except a class can be used multiple times in a page
    11. What elements can I add a class to? 
    all elements
    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? 
    unlimited
    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
    add the follow attribute: "target = "_blank"" 
    14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for? 
    shows what the image is if link is broken/loading, and it is also utilized for accessbility purposes
    15. How do I reference an id?
    put a hashtage before the ID
    16. What is the difference between a section and a div
    a div is an empty containter and a section created logically connected sections within a webpage
    17. What is CSS used for? 
    styling HTML
    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
    h2 {

    }
    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
    class can be used multiple times on a webpage but an ID can only be used once. You can nest IDs within classes if you want to adjust styling for certain sections in different ways
    20. How do we select classes in CSS?
    using .
    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
    p .human
    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 
    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
    .sidebar a {

    }
    24. What is a pseudo selector?
    a keyword added to a selector that specifies a change during a specific state (e.g., :hover)
    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
    line-height: 
    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
    letter-spacing:
    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
    text-transform: uppercase|capitalize|lowercase
    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
    div{
        border: 1px black dotted;
    }
    29. How do I select everything on the page? 
    *{
    
    }
    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
    /* */
    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 
    pwd
    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
    ls
    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 
    rm - because some systems don't prompt you to confirm the deletion
    34. Why should I use version control? 
    helps solve problems and keep track of who did what and when
    35. How often should I commit to github?
    every 20 minutes
    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 
    git push -u origin firstName-lastName
    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 
    fork a repo, copy https link, go to terminal, change dir to desired location, initialize git, type git clone https://linkGoesHere.com, change dir to local repo, 
    create branch w/ git checkout -b firstName-lastName, make changes, then after 20 mins, type into terminal: git add ., add comments of all changes you made with: git commit -m 'insert msg',
    push repo with: git push -u origin firstName-lastName, navigte to repo on github, create pull request, switch branch from lambda's to your own main branch.
Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?
    block elements take up as much space on the page as possible, inline elements do not
    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? 
    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? 
    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the "fix" for the box model, in other words, how do we make all elements respect the width we've given them? 



   --> 